Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Uh, are you Chloe?
- Where are you heading?
- I put it in the thing.
Oh, right.
Doing anything fun?
Ladies and gentlemen,
we have reached
our final destination.
- Thank you for choosing HAIL.
- Guys, hey!
- How's it going?
- What the fuck took you so long?
Uh, sorry. There was a lot
of traffic on the interstate.
Do you know where we going?
Uh, no.
Then why the fuck
are you driving?
I figured it wouldn't hurt
to get moving.
You don't know what the fuck
going on, bruh.
How you know it
ain't gonna hurt you?
Hmm?
- Park Place, bruh.
- Okay.
I mean, there's guns
out here, we know that.
Hey, nigga,
don't burn that shit.
Hey, nigga.
Yo, Mazz.
Don't y'all "Mazz" me, nigga.
How the shit?
It's been moving, but it's slow.
- Slow but moving, huh?
- Yo.
Check it.
What the fuck is that?
That's the new whip, bro.
Y'all about some stupid
mother fuckers, isn't it?
- Oh, you jealous?
- Oh, I'm jealous.
Jealous? You don't think
they gonna make
- two young niggas in a Benz?
- Look, it's an '08, bro,
and it's dope.
What you talkin' about?
Get rid of that shit, nigga.
- What do you mean get rid of it?
- Get rid of that shit, nigga.
You see that shit? Hmm?
Ain't nobody gonna think
that shit carrying weight, bruh.
That's 'cause you got  To Catch
a Predator in there, bro.
5-0 still gonna pull over
a fucking pedophile-looking
- weirdos in that, bro.
- If they do,
I'm just a regular-ass
motherfucker
catching a ride from another
regular-ass motherfucker.
We invisible in this bitch,
bruh.
Let me peek the take.
Ah, shit.
What, this today?
This week, so far.
This week?
- A whole week?
- I told you shit's slow, man.
Y'all fuckin' with me, ain't ya?
You fuckin' with me?
You think I don't know
what the fuck this is, bruh?
Hmm? I know y'all little niggas
be skimmin'.
You got something to say?
- Yo.
- This nigga think
- I'm stupid, don't ya?
- Chill! Chill.
You think I'm...
You think I'm stupid? Hmm?
Oh. Open your shit, nigga.
Open your shit.
God damn, nigga.
Your technique is fucked up,
bruh.
I figured you'd be all right
sucking this nigga dick
all day long
with stacks that low in it.
You in public, bro. Chill.
- Where my money at, bruh?
- Oh, it's all there. I swear it.
Look, Gumby even knows, bro.
You think I give a fuck
what Gumby say, bruh?
- I'm just...
- Tell the truth.
Tell the truth right now, nigga.
Is he robbin' me, bruh?
I know you ain't as stupid
as the rest
of these motherfuckers, boy.
Bitch ass nigga.
Take not up next time I come
around here, boy,
y'all boys gonna be suckin' dick
for real.
Believe that.
The fuck you
making that face for?
It's just how I look.
Just drive the car, nigga.
- Drive the fuckin' car, bruh.
- All right. All right.
I'm just...
Yo.
So where do you...
Yeah, hold on.
Hey, take me to the crib.
Yeah. No.
Shut the fuck up.
Shut the fuck...
Bruh, you know how stupid
your ass sound now?
You think I do shit
without knowing
the fuckin' consequences, bruh?
Yeah, okay.
So what's the solution?
Yeah.
Is you ready to die?
Okay, well, then pay that man
then, nigga.
Consider it the cost
of doing business.
You could strap up.
No, strap the fuck up, bruh.
What's it worth to you? Huh?
Cash or blood?
Yeah, okay, then.
Yeah. All right.
Shit, shit, shit.
Is this gonna be it for the day?
I say that?
I just...
The day's just startin', bruh.
Okay.
It's just I have to make
a stop later.
I could use some cash,
if that's all right.
I ain't gonna pay you now.
That ain't the deal.
Well...
I don't think I'm being unfair.
Ain't no such thing as fair.
Shit just is what it is.
We got an agreement.
You drive for me
when I need you. End of the day,
you will get your two bills.
You don't like that shit,
I'll find somebody else who do.
- No, no.
- This ain't no 9 to 5.
- That's not what I...
- Feel me?
We have an agreement.
You don't need to find
anyone else.
Yeah.
All right. Later tonight, nigga.
Okay. Text me.
Man, shit go good,
might get your ass a bonus.
More than you make
on this dumb-ass app.
Keep your shit close, though.
- Hey, hey, hey, hey.
- We're gonna look at Dada.
Look at Daddy. He's right here.
- He's right here, baby.
- Look at my Prince.
Look at my Prince. Hey!
Come give Daddy a hug.
Come give me a hug, boy.
- Come here. Hey.
- Look at Daddy.
Look at him. Look at my Prince.
Look at my Prince.
Look, I got something for you.
Daddy got something for you.
Look at this. Look, look, look.
- Look, Prince. Look what...
- See that? Look at all that.
- Oh, look, baby.
- I got it for you, son.
- That's for you.
- That's for you. Mm-hmm.
You gonna rule the world
one day, son.
You hear me?
Mm-hmm.
All that. Look at that.
Come on, man.
Get the fuck on, bruh.
Uh, tell him.
I already went in.
I gave you money for pump 11.
- Are you at pump 10?
- No, not pump 10.
I'm at pump 11. Can you
just switch it to pump 11?
I need you to come inside.
- Oh...
- Cam?
Hey, man. I thought
that was you. How's it goin?
Oh, Greg. Hey, hey.
What's goin' on?
- What have you been up to?
- Oh, I'm hanging out.
I'm doing well. Thanks.
How are you doing?
Good. Kids and I
just hit up the trampoline park.
Hey, kids. Say hi to Cam.
Hi.
You should take your...
- son...
- Adam.
Yeah.
You got to take Adam there.
Miss seeing you around work.
That whole thing that happened.
You know,
they really screwed you.
You didn't deserve that.
You know, it ended up
being all right, you know?
- I'm doing good, and...
- It's a coffee shop.
- What?
- Ground floor at work.
You called it.
It's a coffee shop now.
The coffee sucks,
but the baristas...
Well, look, man.
We should catch up sometime.
Maybe get in 18 over at Liberty.
Yeah. Yeah, that...
We definitely got to do that.
Cool. Take care
of yourself, all right, Cam?
I thought it was, like,
multiples of four or...
Okay. Whatever you say.
What, are you just here for,
like, motivation?
Yeah, I'm here for support.
Nine-one-one,
what's your emergency?
Hi, can you please send
a police officer
to nine-three-three
Willow Street?
My husband just pulled up
in my driveway.
He's not supposed to be here.
Hey.
- What are you doing?
- Oh, I...
I was in between fares,
so I thought
I'd swing by, see Adam.
The police are on their way.
- Wh... What?
- I have to protect my son.
I don't know if you remember,
but he's my son, too.
You look like shit.
- No, I don't.
- I'm serious.
Are you taking your medication?
- Where's Adam?
- You know...
you're not allowed to see him
without supervision,
not to mention you're late
on your payment again.
Why is it always about money
with you?
You need help.
No. No, no, no, Becca.
What I need is for you
and everyone else
on this fucking planet
to stop sabotaging me.
- Listen. Listen, Becca.
- You should go.
Just let me see Adam,
all right, and let him know
that I'm not whatever you
and my family are telling him.
- No one is telling him anything.
- You're a fucking liar!
That's your problem.
You're a fucking liar!
Adam, go inside!
Hey, buddy! Hey.
Hey, look.
Whatever your mom's telling you
about me, it's, like,
it's not true.
For some reason, she's trying
to turn you against me.
You should go now
before you lose any right
- you have left to him.
- Oh, wait a minute.
Are you threatening me
with my own child?
- Is that what you're doing?
- What's goin' on here, folks?
Officer, he has supervised
- visitation and he showed up.
- Oh, don't fall
for these fucking tears!
I mean, is this the world
that we live in, where...
Where a father can't even see
his own son?
- I need you to calm down.
- You want me
to fucking calm down?
I'm asking for a natural right!
- Sir...
- It's natural, right?
- You know what? Fuck this!
- Sir!
- Whoa! Whoa!
- Ah! Fuck!
Ow! Geez! Stop!
You're hurting me!
Sir, I need you to calm down.
- All right. Yes.
- Are you calm now?
- Are you calm yet?
- Yes!
Are you calm?
Let me take you to the car
and I can talk in the car.
Yes.
It's your lucky day.
She doesn't want to press
charges.
I've got an ex, too.
It's fucked up,
but it's reality.
The bigger issue here
is you can't miss
your child support payments.
It's...
It's like not paying your taxes.
You won't just lose visitation
with your son,
you will go to jail.
Trust me, somebody like you
does not want
to end up in there.
So what are you gonna do?
I guess I don't have a choice.
- Mike.
- Hey, Cam. What's up?
Hey, so, uh, I just...
How's...
How's Carol and the kids?
They're fine. What do you need?
Hey, uh, I was... I was looking
at my books, and it appears, uh,
I'm probably gonna need
to borrow some money.
- Um...
- I thought you were doing
- the driving thing?
- Well, I am.
And that's actually going
pretty good, but I just...
It's been slow for, like, a week
or two, so...
Well, if you had a real job,
you wouldn't have to
worry about that.
Look. I wouldn't be asking
if I wasn't desperate, so, um...
Do you even realize
what this is doing to Mom?
I appreciate that you
and mom talk about me and...
But believe me, I am...
I'm doing great.
It's just I need
just a little bit of help
for just, you know,
a short time period.
It's really not that big
of a deal.
I don't know if she said
anything to you yet,
but she thinks you need
to be in some kind of facility.
Um, wow. A...
facility. Okay. Um...
Right now, I'm kinda focusing
on... On dealing with, uh,
alimony and child support, so...
I... I don't really, uh...
- See a facility as an option.
- Yeah, and I'm the one
that's probably gonna end up
having to pay for it, then.
So... So what are you...
What, you're saying you...
You would only help me out
for something
- that I don't really need?
- You're really
in no position to make
that judgment, are ya?
Look, I don't even need it
that bad, you know? It's...
Then why are you
calling me about it?
I... I have plenty of options.
You know what?
I actually got to go.
Just don't do anything stupid.
Okay. Take care.
Cam. Wait. You need help.
Hi.
- There you go. Thank you.
- Thank you.
The fuck you waiting on?
Uh, you to tell me where to go.
Aw, shit. Campostella, bruh.
Hey.
H... How long do you
think you're gonna be?
Uh, shit. Probably, like,
an hour at least.
Then we're gonna make
a few more stops later on.
Then we're gonna
settle up then, nigga. Shit.
Uh, is, is it all right
if I pick up some fares?
I mean,
if you're not gonna need me?
Nah, don't go pick
nobody up from the airport
and shit, bruh.
Stay your ass close.
Turn that frown upside down,
nigga. You all right.
If you want to see your
girlfriend again...
twenty grand cash.
Await...
instructions.
Is your mommy here?
- Give it to me.
- Fine by me.
I got to go home. Come on.
- Fuck you.
- Come on.
Don't be tellin' him
- where you got this shit from.
- Are you fuc... No.
I'm just trying to make sure,
okay?
It's okay. It's okay. It's okay.
You're all right, buddy.
You're all right. You're
all right. You're all right.
Shh. Shh. Shh.
Okay. It's okay.
It's okay. You're all right.
You're all right.
We're having fun. Fun, fun.
Fun.
Fuck. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh.
Shh. Shh. Shh.
You're gonna be okay, buddy.
It's all good.
It's all good. Okay?
Just... Just sit tight.
We're... We're just... Just...
I don't... I don't know
if you can hear me, but...
I promise I... I... I'm...
I won't hurt you.
I... I have a little boy, too,
and I love him very much,
just like your daddy loves you.
Well, I'm...
I'm doing this for him,
and, uh...
Uh, I'm gonna get you
some snacks,
and then we can go
to my apartment
and watch some cartoons.
Uh, how much is the phone?
Twenty-five.
You know, I'll...
I'll take the phone, too.
Here we are, buddy.
We made it.
What... What is...
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
She's a lying bitch.
No, bullshit.
And she's a fuckin' liar.
Ain't got nothing to do
with this.
I'm paying attention,
but I didn't do nothing.
She's a liar!
Okay, just... Just a little...
Just a minute more, buddy,
and then we'll be in there.
You've got to be kidding me.
Okay, buddy. Um...
We're gonna play a game
that is so fun.
We're, uh...
It's...
It's called the quiet game,
an... And... And... And... And...
And if you can be quiet
until I say so...
you get... You get prizes
and you get to watch
as many cartoons as you want.
Okay?
The game doesn't start yet.
It's later on.
Okay. Here we go.
Okay, bud. Here we go.
The quiet game...
starts...
now.
Yo, open the fuckin' trunk.
It's stuck.
- I'm sorry.
- It's stuck?
- Yeah. It's not working.
- Open that shit, nigga!
- I don't know...
- What the fuck is...
what's going on.
It's not working.
Probable cause, nigga.
- You heard of that shit?
- Yeah.
- Get that shit fixed.
- I will. It, uh, I...
Fuck. What the fuck
is that smell?
- I don't know.
- That be... It smell like fucking
gasoline in here, nigga.
- I just filled up.
- Just drive.
Turn that fuckin' music off,
nigga.
- You don't want to hear it?
- Turn it the fuck off.
All right.
Um...
Like, it's like the trunk
is not working and...
And the car's,
it's making noises.
I don't know. So it's, like,
I got to take it in.
Gotta take it in. You know?
I might not...
Is everything okay?
I don't know.
That's what I'm gonna find out.
Here, I'm gonna... You probably
want some air, right?
Hey! Hey, hey, hey!
When I tell your fuckin' ass
to stay close,
I mean that shit.
Yeah. Yeah.
We did it, buddy.
We did it.
- What the fuck is this shit?
- I don't know. I...
- I stepped out for a bit.
- You stepped out?
No, I...
Yes, when I came back...
We got to call the cops.
I mean, you know what kind
of person takes a kid? Hmm?
Wait a minute. How...
How you know he ain't just...
Just run off
- or some shit?
- Oh, he didn't run off.
Look at the fucking door.
Oh. What the fuck is this shit?
I've seen this shit.
I've seen this shit
before on the news.
The kids never come back.
They just never come back
the same.
How am I gonna look at him
in the eyes?
Nah, it's not like that.
What do you mean?
Who took Prince?
Who took my baby?
Somebody who'd want to hurt me.
What are we gonna do?
Huh?
Put the word out...
something of mine done
gone missing, and then...
- shit, we wait.
- That's all you got?
You're just gonna sit down
and fuckin' wait?
Marina, somebody don't do
some shit like this
and disappear.
Now, whoever did this shit,
they...
They got a fuckin' message
or some shit.
They just wanna make sure
I'm listening.
God damn!
Oh, my God.
Mazz.
I need a bump.
- I'm sorry, man.
- Your ass is...
- Fuck!
- You're so jacked out your mind,
you lost our son,
and now you want some more?
I'm... Look at how...
Like you aren't?
You know what, b...
I handle mine.
Oh, that's right.
You're a fuckin' disgrace,
you know that? You...
Yeah? Fuck you! Fuck you!
I'm sorry! I'm sor...
No! No! No! No!
That's what you want?
You want to...
- Get your ass up.
- No! No!
Bump? Bump?
Here, take this shit!
Take all this shit!
Whatever happen to my son,
it's on you. You hear me?
Say you understand me!
I understand you.
I'm sorry.
Shit.
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry.
Uh...
your ass need to roll over here
right now.
Hi.
- How are you?
- Uh, good, good, good.
- Uh, I... I'd like a room.
- Okay.
- Uh...
- So you want it for hour
- or for the whole night?
- Uh, a whole night, please.
- I actually, uh, need two rooms.
- All right,
so can I have your ID?
Uh...
you know, I don't have an ID.
Uh, I would need an ID for that.
Well, well, yeah. I'm...
What if I paid in cash?
I could pay in cash.
Okay, so if you pay in cash,
I'll just need a name.
- All right, go ahead.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
- What's your name?
- Um, Greg.
- Okay.
- Greg Travis.
- Greg Travis. All right.
Uh, do you have cable?
Okay.
Okay, buddy. Here we go.
Here we go.
Okay, good.
You've got to be kidding me.
All right.
Okay.
Okay, buddy.
We're gonna go through a window.
Oh, Jesus!
Wake up, buddy. Wake up.
Come on. Come on.
Wake...
Wake up.
Come on. Come on, buddy.
Come on.
Wake up. Wake up!
Please wake up. Come on.
Come on.
Oh, Jesus.
Come on. Fuck.
Wake up!
Please!
You're gonna be all right.
You're just sleeping, right?
You just need to sleep
a little bit.
You can sleep here. Okay?
In the...
Police! Open up!
Yo, your face, man.
About your face.
Your shit went white, dog!
Yo, you pick up already?
No, we have some other shit
going on.
Yo, I heard you roughed up them
boys real good
at Park Place.
Oh, shit.
Y'all good?
Oh, we have some...
domestic shit goin' down.
You know what I'm talkin' about?
Nah, man.
I don't know what the fuck
you talking about.
Are you sure about that?
Crystal.
Where the fuck is he?
What?
You heard me, nigga.
Better put that piece down, dog.
What the fuck is wrong with you,
man? Huh?
You high as a motherfucker
right now, aren't you, right?
Huh?
Somebody took my son, bruh.
You think I did that?
Shit, I don't know.
All right, man. Look.
Are you sure she wasn't just
too fucked up
and left him somewhere, man?
Shut the fuck up!
Shut the fuck up, bruh!
Sit your ass down, nigga!
You're always talking
some shit, man.
- Sit down, nigga!
- I'm sittin' down, baby.
I'll sit down.
Better work
on your people skills, nigga.
- Shut the fuck up.
- Point that shit at me again,
- see what happens.
- Shut the fuck up.
I need your help.
Bitch ass motherfucker.
You ain't hear
what I'm saying, now.
Something that belong to me
has gone missing.
When the right person
hear about it,
they'll know what to do.
Yeah, all right, man.
Ain't nobody heard shit.
Fuck that.
I'm gonna get the word out.
Figure this shit out for you.
Hmm. You still pickin' up
tonight, right?
I know what I'm doing.
Just be ready.
All right.
Your call has been forwarded
to an automated...
Your call
has been forwarded to an...
This motherfucker.
- Marina, get your shit.
- What?
Get your shit together.
If I get my boy
we're gonna get
these motherfuckers.
We're gonna go
get these motherfuckers
- right here, boy.
- Damn straight.
Goddamn, bae.
I can hear
your fuckin' heartbeat.
I'm fine. I'm fine.
All right. Here he is.
- Hi.
- Sunset Manor Motel.
I don't...
I don't know where that...
Down on 13th.
Go around.
All right.
- Go slow.
- All right.
Don't stop.
- Don't stop.
- Don't stop?
Don't stop.
Pull up right in front
of that office.
Here?
Bruh, what the fuck I just say?
Well, I thought you wanted...
Stay your ass in the car.
Can I help you?
Yeah. Who in room 152?
- Uh, excuse me?
- One-five-two.
You got a computer back there
or records and shit here?
Uh, we just have...
Have a ledger.
Oh. Let me see it.
It's not for customers, sir.
Do I look like
a fuckin' customer to you?
- I cannot give it to you.
- Oh, you can't?
Hey, hey, hey. Easy, sir.
Show me
the motherfuckin' book, boy.
- Hold on. Hold on.
- I don't want any trouble.
Greg Travis, 152 and 162?
Yeah, he took two rooms.
Uh-huh.
Thanks, motherfucker.
Mazz, what the fuck!
Hello? What the fuck! Mazz!
What the fuck did they say?
Put the fucking gun away!
They're gonna call the cops!
Hide that fucking shit,
por favor!
What? Is he here?
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Kick the door.
Mazz.
Just kick the fucking door.
- What?
- He ain't in there.
It's just a drop.
Mazz... What... No, no. Fuck!
Mazz?
- Wait a minute.
- Mazz?
What?
Mazz, why don't you
just leave the fucking money
and do what he was telling you?
Mazz?
Shh.
- Wait, wait. What, what...
- Shut the fuck up!
Wha... What's going on?
What did they say?
Where you at,
motherfucker? Where you at?
- Prince! Baby!
- Prince!
Prince?
Hello? Hey. We should go, right?
Oh, my God!
There's people coming out!
Shut the fuck up!
Come on. Come on.
Come on, come on.
- Come on. Come on.
- Don't touch me!
Go, go.
I think I deserve
to know what's going on.
Somebody took something from me.
- Money?
- No, bruh.
Like what? What? Drugs?
- Our son.
- Shut up.
- Why don't you tell him?
- Our son,
I'm never gonna see
my baby again.
- Shut up.
- You understand that?
- Shut up, Marina.
- You told me
that whatever happened to him
was on me.
But you know what?
When he turns up dead,
that's on you!
Listen to me!
I'm talking to you!
- Sit your ass...
- That's a fact I just told.
- Get your ass off of me!
- I'm gonna fucking kill you!
Marina, get your...
Back your ass up!
- Tone it down!
- Shit.
- What the fuck you doing?
- Jesus.
- Motherfucker!
- What the fuck you doing?
- Stupid ass down.
- Oh, shit! Shit!
- Oh, my God.
- Shut the fuck up!
Let me deal with this.
- Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
- Everyone, shut up.
Shit, man.
Hi.
License
and registration, please.
Oh. Yes, sir.
Where are you three
headed tonight?
Oh, wherever they tell me.
I'm a HAIL driver.
I get paid by the mile.
You swerved
a little ways back there.
Oh, yeah. My phone dropped.
I, uh...
The cradle in this one's busted.
I think it's the suction.
You're not drinking
on the job, are you?
No, sir.
What about you two?
Been partying tonight?
Actually, the HAIL philosophy
is to provide rides to keep
the roads safe, so...
If that thing is
broken, get a new one.
Yes, sir. Will do.
- You have a good night.
- Thank you.
Well, that wasn't that bad.
So, should I, um...
Should I take you guys home or...
It doesn't matter.
Maybe going home is a good idea.
No, no.
Really? You think
we're gonna find our kid
after all the shit
you just pulled?
Whoever did this shit
still want they money, Marina.
What, you think they changed
they fuckin' mind?
I swear to God,
you done snorted away
half your fuckin' brain,
for real.
So what's your plan, genius?
You're just gonna drive around
all night?
- Pendejo.
- Fuck that shit.
That what they want me to do.
Stew.
Psyche my shit out
so I do whatever the fuck
they want so when they call
my fuckin' ass...
- Well, you have to.
- Fuck that shit.
I ain't got to do shit.
You know what?
You know them row houses
over on Park Place?
- Uh, I think so.
- Yeah.
There it is. Slow down.
Block that fucker in.
This time stay your fuckin' ass
in the car.
Dontrell!
Come on, bruh.
I need you real quick.
Come on, now.
Some shit goin' down, bruh.
I need you real quick.
Come on, now. Open up.
Fuck.
It's 4:00 in the morning, bro.
- Ask me why the fuck I'm here!
- I don't...
I told you everything,
Mazz, I swear.
- Don't fuck around.
- I swear. I swear!
- I'm not! I'm not.
I'm not. I'm not.
I swear. I swear!
I don't know shit.
I'm not. I'm not.
- I'm not. I'm not.
- Then talk.
I'm not. I'm not. I'm not!
- Talk right now, nigga.
- Mazz, I told you
- everything out earlier today.
- There's something you know,
something going on,
and your ass know exactly
what's going on. Talk.
I don't know
what you want from me.
No, wait. Wait, wait, wait.
Okay, okay.
Dontrell.
You better tell this man
what he wants to hear,
so he can get out of my house.
Yeah, you could talk now.
Get back to your little
college boy shit.
Whatever the fuck you do.
Or you could stay quiet,
see what happen to you
and your granny.
- Okay.
- It's your choice, nigga.
I'm a tell you. You right.
- Yeah.
- I'm a tell you.
Just don't...
Don't hurt my grandmother.
- Talk, nigga.
- Okay.
Your girl's been at Gumby's.
And they've been running
trains on her,
all of them.
He's not gonna find my kid.
I feel it.
You don't know that. I mean...
Nobody's gonna hold on
to some kid from the hood
to negotiate with.
Shit.
Oh, my God.
- Oh, my God.
- What? What?
- Passengers always leave stuff.
- Oh, my God. It's you.
No, no, that's ridiculous.
- You have my son!
- No!
All right, look. Look.
- Look, look, look!
- Oh, my God.
I don't want to hurt anyone.
I just...
- I just want the money.
- He's gonna fucking kill you.
I just want the money.
Then you'll get your son back.
He's gonna fucking kill you!
- Look. Look. Look.
- No,
you take me to my son!
You take me to my son right now!
- Oh, my...
- You say one fucking word
and your son dies.
I swear to God.
Can you keep your mouth shut?
Can you keep your fucking
mouth shut?
Not a fucking hint. Nothing.
Good.
Everything's gonna be okay.
I just want the money.
So, did you find anything out?
Just drive.
You got to pay up.
Just go get the cash,
go back to the motel.
Just leave the cash there.
Then all of this can be over.
And maybe Prince is gonna...
Prince is gonna be there
waiting for us.
So you just want me to
just pay up all that cash,
no questions asked?
Just walk away?
Yeah, because it's our son.
Do you love me?
What?
It's a simple
fuckin' question, bae.
'Cause you know love
without trust ain't shit.
Even when we get Prince back.
It ain't gonna be the same
if we can't trust each other.
I know. You can trust me.
And because you can trust me
and you love me,
we need to go get this cash.
Say, bruh,
we gonna go get some cash.
Yeah, just hit this right
up here.
Okay.
Yeah, follow that around.
What?
I'm just ready for all of this
to be over.
That's all.
- Yeah, go that way.
- Where are we going?
Make this left, all right?
Under the bridge?
Yeah.
Yeah,
just follow that all around.
And stop the car right here.
Okay.
What the fuck! What the fuck!
- Get out. Get out.
- Mazz!
What are you doing?
- Get your ass...
- No, you motherfucker!
- No! Mazz! Mazz!
- Get up. Get up.
Fucking asshole!
No! Stop! Mazz!
- You're crazy! Mazz!
- Get your...
You think I don't know
what the fuck goin' on?
Is that what you think? Huh?
Hmm?
Yeah.
I don't know what's happening.
Tell me you ain't fuck 'em.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
Gumby.
Andre?
The others? Hmm?
Yeah.
I can explain.
Tell me
you ain't fuck 'em, Marina.
Tell me!
Baby. Baby. Baby.
I'm...
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
I'm so... I'm so sorry.
Sorry?
- Is that where Prince is? Hmm?
- What?
With him?
Hmm?
You ain't just been fuckin' him.
You been...
You been working with him
behind my back?
- No! No, that's...
- To rob me?
- No, it's not like that!
- Is that what it is?
No, you listen to me.
Listen to me very carefully.
He has him.
He has Prince.
No.
No!
Let's go.
Keep the car running.
Hey, Becca.
Do you know what time it is?
Yeah, I just...
Sorry, I wanted to talk to you.
- Can this wait?
- Please, it's important.
Are you drunk?
No. I'm sorry.
It's your business how you act
in the rest of your life,
Cam, but it comes to Adam...
No. I mean about everything.
I mean, I know I've been a mess
for the past couple months,
maybe years.
You've been great.
- What's going on?
- Nothing. Just...
- What was that?
- I want you
to accept my apology.
Can you just do that?
I can't talk about
this tonight. I got to go.
Becca?
Where you at, Gumby?
Oh, man. I thought that shit
was a raid, brah.
I know you and Marina
been playin'.
That's the second time you point
that gun at me today, man.
How long you been playin'
in this shit, huh?
How many times you just look me
in my eyes, nigga, and just...
Just lie to me?
Ooh. Messing with too much
of that shit, man.
Fucking with your head.
No, no.
I know everything
about you and her.
You think I would be
fuckin' around
with my partner's woman, man?
Dumbass motherfucker.
Who told you that bullshit?
She did.
Mm-hmm.
Where Prince?
Look, man. I don't know nothing
about your boy.
What the...
What the fuck
is wrong with you! I'd...
Fucker!
Fuck with me one more time, man.
Get up, man. Get up, man.
Yeah, man.
You're gonna leave me
no choice, man.
I can't let this shit slide.
Don't hurt my son, nigga.
Don't do that. Don't hurt my...
Are you deaf, man?
How many times I got to tell you?
I didn't fuck with your kid,
you dumb motherfucker!
Get that shit through your head,
man, all right?
- Fuck you, man!
- Fuck you!
- Fuck me? Fuck me?
- You got a gun, nigga!
Tell the truth!
Tell the fuckin'...
Tell the truth, nigga!
Truth? You want the truth?
I fucked your bitch.
I fuck the shit
out your bitch, man.
I've been skimmin'
on the package,
but I ain't never,
never fucked with no little kid,
all right?
You better get
that shit through...
I'll get this.
Are you... Are you hurt?
Look, should I...
take you to a hospital?
I'm lost.
Yeah. Yeah.
I'm...
I'm lost, too. I...
Before I was a driver,
I had a real job.
I worked with computers.
It was boring as shit,
but the pay was good.
If I had stayed
on the right path and...
put in more time,
it would have been sweet.
I worked hard.
I kept my head down.
But then, out of nowhere,
you know,
after eight years, by the way,
they informed me that my...
They were gonna terminate
my position.
Motherfuckers get fired
from their job every day.
Yeah.
Well, I didn't see it that way.
Next thing I knew, I was
on the roof of the building
threatening to jump
if the company
didn't take me back.
After that, my wife, well,
we split and...
now I can't see my son.
His name's Adam.
I wish someone would've
sat me down
told me to put my ego
and all that bullshit aside.
Maybe you should just go back
to the motel
and drop off the money,
I mean, it's your son.
What's $20,000
if you can get him back? Right?
Who said it was 20,000?
Uh...
I think... I think you did.
You know, I mean, yeah.
Or maybe it was Marina.
No. I pay attention
when people talk money.
Yeah, well, you know...
Well, I mean...
I mean, you've had a long,
crazy night,
so I would forgive you
if you didn't remember.
Don't worry about it.
Gumby didn't have Prince.
What the...
What the fuck was Marina
- talking about when she...
- What?
- "He has him."
- What are you...
At the dock.
That's what she said.
"He has him."
I mean,
she had a gun at her head.
People would say anything
if they had a gun pointed
at their head. Come on. I mean,
why was that guy trying
to kill you?
You know what I mean?
When you were in that building,
did you look around?
You know what?
I bet if we go back there
- we might find your son.
- No, we ain't going back.
But I just, you know,
I can just turn around up here.
- No, shut the fuck up.
- You know? I...
- Shut the fuck up.
- I'm trying to help you.
You know? It's just, like...
Shut the fuck...
Where's my son,
you piece of shit?
- What are you doing?
- Hmm? Where is he?
I'll spray your brains
all over this motherfuckin' car!
- Do you want us both to die?
- I'll say this one time, boy.
- Do you have my son?
- I don't know. I don't know.
I've been good to you, nigga.
I've been good to you,
motherfucker!
- This how you do me?
- That guy was trying
- to kill you, I...
- Keep quiet. Keep quiet, bitch.
You gonna watch your own kid
die tonight.
Where is my motherfuckin' son,
nigga!
- Where is he?
- Sorry.
911, what is your emergency?
Yeah.
I need to report a...
What seems to be
the problem, sir?
I woke up this morning,
and my car was gone.
I think it was stolen.
Are you in immediate danger?
I don't think so.
Do you have access
to the vehicle's title
or registration?
I think I can find it.
Why don't you gather
that information,
and I will transfer your call
to the appropriate department.
Okay, thank you.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org